fix panic in disk buffer when dealing with corrupted file (#23617)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/disk_buffer_panic_if_corrupted_file.fix.md

> fix panics in disk buffer when both reader and writer are on the at last data file and last data file is corrupted.
> which are generally the case when node shutdown improperly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix disk buffer panics when both reader and writer are on the last data file and it is corrupted. This scenario typically occurs when a node shuts down improperly, leaving the final data file in a corrupted state.
```
